I'm Olivia and I'm caught in van stomm
here's extra battery hi I'm Sam from X
ambassadors Sam Harris last name if
somebody made a movie about your life
what would it be called at your place
we called schizophrenic lead singer
crazy man starring Sam Rockwell what
were you afraid of when you're a kid oh
man I got lost in the woods once when I
was like six years old I was gone for
like two hours and and I I was I had to
actually just read that book hatchet you
guys remember read that book gary
paulsen yeah I just read that book so I
was like trying to be a survivalist and
like trying to find you know something I
could little into a into like a you know
it's something a hunt with and I was
gone for he was just like two hours but
after that I was really afraid of being
alone
no I couldn't you know and my mom would
leave me in the car by myself I like
freaked out
let's break track if it's due back in
time what would you say to the 12 year
old
keep doing what you're doing man stop
eating so much candy what is something
that comes on sandwiches
I don't like having on your breath I I
like my breath to smell good
did you Packer violent when you wear to
school
I would usually pack a lunch but then I
all the cool kids were buying on so I
slowly started to stop ringing so far
the current ambassador well we were the
current ambassadors
you were just ambassadors for a while
before the ex I guess the current
ambassadors are France
fuel doing like really real not like
that if you could have a job that paid a
million dollars a year what job would it
be inside salute system
good answer
and finally Keaney more sporty spice
ginger spice baby spice no it was really
an honest but no no no okay sporty spice
baby spice ginger spice
I can't oh my god I can't that is
horrible can you name all the Spice
Girls okay so they're sporty spice
ginger spice baby spice Scary Spice that
was a fail I'm sorry I apologize on
behalf of all people everywhere thank
you guys thank you thank you so much